[TASK] Add TYPO3_CONF_VARS defaultScheme (#1938)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/Configuration/Typo3ConfVars/SYS.rst

   Name of the base-site.

.. index::
   TYPO3_CONF_VARS SYS; defaultScheme

> .. _typo3ConfVars_defaultScheme:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _typo3ConfVars_sys_defaultScheme:
```

   Name of the base-site.

.. index::
   TYPO3_CONF_VARS SYS; defaultScheme
.. _typo3ConfVars_defaultScheme:

$GLOBALS['TYPO3_CONF_VARS']['SYS']['defaultScheme']
===================================================

.. versionadded:: 12.0
   The setting defaultScheme was added in TYPO3 12 to make it possible to
   configure the default URI scheme when links are created by the core.
   Previously, http was always used.

.. confval:: defaultScheme

   :Path: $GLOBALS['TYPO3_CONF_VARS']['SYS']
   :type: text
   :Default: 'http'

   Set the default URI scheme. This is used within
   TYPO3 within links if no scheme is given. One can

>    set this to `https` if this should be used by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   set this to :php:`'https'` if this should be used by default.
```
